feat(settings): Add integrity checker (#10212)
DefectDojo/django-DefectDojo: docs/content/en/getting_started/upgrading/2.35.md

title: 'Upgrading to DefectDojo Version 2.35.x'
toc_hide: true
weight: -20240506
description: Integrity checker announced
---

> From 2.35.0, DefectDojo is performing integrity check of `settings.dist.py` file. If the user changed this file (in the past or even now) DefectDojo will avoid starting of instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From 2.35.0, DefectDojo will perform an integrity check of the `settings.dist.py` file to ensure it has not been modified. If the user changed this file (in the past or even now) the DefectDojo instance will not start until those changes have been reverted.
```
